Specify that all restart API endpoints remove and recreate containers (#1708)
balena-os/balena-supervisor: docs/API.md

`imageId` added in v8.2.2.

Use this endpoint to restart a service in the application with application id

> passed in with the url. Note that this removes and recreates the service container.

Author: It is, I was wrong in the last product call since I was looking at `balena ps` output, which showed that container ID had remained the same, whereas Supervisor had actually removed & re-created the individual container when it was restarted. [Removing a container is the default](https://github.com/balena-os/balena-supervisor/blob/master/src/compose/service-manager.ts#L515) when executing a kill step. I've updated the JF brainstorm topic & the issues where I mentioned this to convey the right information.

Added in supervisor version v7.0.0.

> Use this endpoint to restart every service in an application. Note that this removes and recreates all service containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this endpoint to restart every service in an application. Note that **this will remove and recreate all service containers**.
```
